this is strictly in 60-seconds your bite
size guides of Britain's best dancing
contest this week our Magnificent Seven
came in from the cold to perform a
variety of firey routines some
performances got the judges hot under
the collar first class
it's a top-drawer jive it's thinned up
the glasses great start to the show and
some were met with a cold shoulder
frigid passionless that iceberg showed
more emotion Pamela's call schoolmarm
taught the boys a thing or two regaining
her position at the top of the
leaderboard I enjoyed watching it well
Scott was met with a frosty reception
from Craig folks but the competition was
too hard for one couple patsy and robert
bringing their straitly journey to an
end as the six couples get ready for
movie week who will give an
award-winning routine make sure you keep
up to date with all of the action right
here at BBC co-taught UK forward slash
Strictly
you